1. What is biggest Strength and weakness
A. Strength
    - creativity thinking and deliviring a quality product
    - In first year at factset, i got a chance to work on a rewrite project, the existing project was fragmented in 6 different website, doing similar task of tracking the performance of templates
    - these website, had a minimalistic UI workflow, which consisted of a grid that had bunch of metrics about template runs, which are essentially used to study the templates and for debugging purpose.
    - The expectation was to replicate the funcationality in latest technology of angular js and ui-grid, upon looking at the problem, I was able to find the co-releation between these 6 apps and merge
        them into 1 single cohesive app
    - Instead of presenting the data in grid format, I decieded to improvise and implement data visualization techniques to create a dashboard app.
    - This creative approach improved the overall design and workflow of the application, upon the release, I started to see the very positive results. There was high traction of user using this
        revamped application. The users productivity was improved as they were able to study and debug the problems efficiently
    - The motivation behind this creative approach was deliviring a quality product. soon this approach became as standard for future developents within my team

    weakness:
     - I believe my weakness is giving too much focus on doing things the right way, which sometimes has lead me into going down a rabbit hole, chasing the right approach.
     - This has affected my productivity and timelines of projects, there has been times where I tried to solve the problem in right way, but only to realize that I have spent too much time
        on this feature, and there are other components to be worked upon. 
     - For example: recently i was figuring out an authentication problem for one of my projects using microsoft graph api and the task was to check the validation of bearer token
        so to do this, i was using aps.net core c# and i was following the right way to do is to leverage the inbuilt authentication flow of asp.net core, Instead of writing a custom validation funcation
        essentially doing the same thing at faster development rate.
     - over the time, i have learnt how to tackle such situations, I keep track of the progress and estimate the benefit of that approach. I have been practicing that for a while now,
        and i am now able to identify when i am stressting too much on doing things right way and i take appropriate actions accordingly

2. When I call your coworkers for reference checking, what will they say about you?
A. 

3. What will your team miss if you leave tomorrow?
A. 

4. Why do you want to work here?
A. Sure, I would like to say, yelp has very high reputation in tech industry, as per my research, it has constantly mainted high engineering and innovations standards
and that clearly reflects in the quality of the product. I have been a yelp user for a while now, and i have been fascianated by the
engineering challenges that yelp has worked on over the years.
The job description of this position closely aligns with my skills and experience. I currently work on similar paradigm at factset
where my team owns logging infrastracutre, that tracks the usage of factsets products. and based on this we provide analytical insights.
with this valuable experience i gained, i belive i am ready for new challenges, and i would like to work on large scale system such as yelp.
I am intersted in learning and building scalable systems that drives the ad recommendation systems, i am excited to learn about the 
technologies such as map-reduce and streaming solutions that drives this system.
I also came across the engineering and cultural values of yelp, and those closely aligns with what i am looking for in my
new opportunity. I like to be creative while solving problems and coming with newer ideas, working cohesively with the
team, I find that as a good approach to learn and grow. being tenacious.

5. Conflict resolution?
A1. sure, there was an incident in the past, in one of my projects there was conflict between me and a product developer over a approach
that i had proposed
- I was working a solving visual scalability problem, over a dataset that shows the performance of the template. This information is 
very crucial when it comes to debugging and to track the cascading effects on the templates
- The idea i came up with is to present the volatility in the data as per datetime, and to implement volatility, I decieded to use
box plot graph
- everybody agreed on this idea, including the PD. He liked this idea, however, he wanted to make slight change to the box plot, Instead
of using median, he wanted to use average of the data points
- The task was to convince him the benifit to using the median instead of mean and average and show him the edge cases when the average
will fail to convey the volatility in data
- So to solve this, i tried to understand his point of view, asked the right questions on why he wanted to use average. He was intersted in 
looking at the trend of the data as well as the volatility, and so he wanted the box plot to constructed out of means as well.
- after understanding his point of view, i presented a solution that would work for both groups of clients, which are engineering and PDs

A2. sure, there was an incident in the past, in one of my projects there was conflict between me and my manager over a postmortem action items
- I was a curator for one of the qa cycles, and something went wrong during a release, at the time, me and my manager were
mitigating the situation, figuring out solution to fix the issue. however, the fixing the issue was taking a while and so we made
a decision to backout the changes
- while we were mitigating the situation, our system started to see failures and we had to stop the queues from submitting the jobs
to our infrastracutre. This caused a downtime of 1:30 mins
- after the changes were backed out, everything wennt back to normal. following day we had a postmortem on this issue,
and the new action item were made
- did not agree to one of the action item

6. Disagree with leadership?
A1. Sure, i can talk to you about such decision.
    starting of with details, our web app is a very powerfull tool, it does a lot of complex operations. however, over the period the performance has dropped of our website.
    I am suspect it will be dropping even further, when newer enhancement will be released.
    so I foresee this problem, i believe this issue should be worked upon before it becomese necessary.
    so i had proposed, this as major project in FY-20, so sepearting our website, being serverd from ASP.net world, and use webpack instead to decouple it from our server side.
    This will definitly speed up the performance of our website, since the files would be loaded upon request.
    This is first step in redesign our front-end
    However, this idea was pushed back, and got a less priorities as compared to other high visible project.
    having said that, I made efforts to include this idea in list of probable projects by showcasing the benifits. and also proposed the to make collective efforts whenever
    we get time, specially in speed sprint and fixatholons

7. experience a compromise?
A1. Sure, I can share an experience with you, one of the project i worked upon involved redesign of crucial componenet
    Now, giving you a details, that our system runs on two diffent platforms, VMS and Fonix, we are continously driving an efforts
    of retiring VMS, as it is legacy.
    so this current implementation was written on VMS, and inorder my task was to port this Fonix and eventual depricate it on VMS
    The backend developent has a process, that which ever feature, that an engineer develop, it has be developed for both platform,
    this causes, lot of duplication logic, as the tech stack is different on two platforms on VMS we use com scripts and on Fonix we 
    use python or perl.
    So inorder to avoid the duplication, I proposed to write this as service instead of being a part of monolith code base.
    However, my team had a different opinion on this, my mananger was to an opinion that since, VMS will be retired soon or later,
    writing it as a service, is a bit of over engineering that problem and once the VMS is retired we can just depricate those files
    


1. Describe a situation in which you were able to use persuasion to successfully convince someone
    to see things your way.
A: Task: 1 Template logging example of visual scalability
    solution: mockups 

2. Describe a time when you were faced with a stressful situation that demonstrated your coping
    skills.
A: Situation - server maintainance
    Task - on-call duty, jobs started failing, 3 event happend a time and it was difficult
    to identity the cause and track it down to source
    Action - stayed calm, soon i was identited a pattern, took that as lead and investigated.

3. 

1. Template logging:
challenges - merging distinegratd apps into 1 suite of applications
           - visual scalability
           - research with statistics
           - present the idea and implement it
           - lesson learnt, desingin a workflow, communications

2. PDB:
challenges - rewrite, took this project by myself, to learn databases

3. PBM:
challenges - 
S: Prebuild management problem, VMS retirement, and a new problem was discoverd in our infrastracutre, that needed
T: create an interface that is easy to use for PDs, to complete it within a month
A: meeting, no half meausres, and no back and forth, clarity

4. Give me an example of a time when you set a goal and were able to meet or achieve it. 
A: Protractor end to end tests

5.Give me a specific example of a time when you had to conform to a policy with which you did
not agree.
A: improvising the database deployment

6.Tell me about a time when you had to go above and beyond the call of duty in order to get a job
done.
A: Pants3 migration, they were trying different solutions

7. Give me an example of when you showed initiative and took the lead. 
talk about two thigs, end to end testing and github migrations
